# Susceptibility-DAF-PAF

1) **analyze_pitch.praat** (adapted from Matthias Franken's original code) reads in the voice recordings of the subjects (one wav file for each trial), extracts the pitch contour and saves it as a table.
2) **Convert_to_cents.m** reads in the Table file (output of analyze_pitch.praat) for each trial, epochs the pitch contour from -200 to 800 ms, and converts it from Hertz to cents.
3) **PAF_PitchContours** folder contains pitch contours over time averaged across trials for each subject (-200 to 800ms, perturbation onset is at 0ms) for different shift conditions (-200,-100,+200,+100).
4) **PAF_data.csv** includes the anonymized and preprocessed data for all subjects and trials for the pitch-perturbed auditory feedback (PAF) experiment. "data$shift" contains four variables -2, -1, 0, 1, 2, which corresponds to _200, -100, 0, +100, +200 cents pitch perturbation. "data$max_response" and "data$mean_response", is the peak and mean of the pitch contour in the 200 to 500 Hz time window following pitch perturbation.
5) **DAF_data.csv** includes the anonymized and preprocessed data for all subjects and trials for the delayed auditory feedback (DAF) experiment. "data$duration", "data$intensity", "data$pitch" correspond to the speaking duration, voice intensity and voice pitch for each trial. "data$syllables" indicates to how many syllables were contained in each trial (sentence) and "data$speech_rate" was calculated as data$syllables/data$duration. Finally, "data$video" indicates whethere visual feedback was present or absent in the trial (1 or 0: webcam on or off).
